# Calculate Employee Payroll

Application with the Windows Forms graphical interface and the C # programming language.

## Problem Statement:

The temporary employment agency "Temporary work" requires an application that, based on the basic data of the worker indicated in the functional requirements, allows saving, calculating and displaying the report of the value to be paid to a worker according to the days worked and the daily salary depending on the position he occupies.

By entering the correct password, it will take you to the data entry form as shown in image 1, which will allow the entry of the data requested in the application such as: The identification of the worker, the full name, the gender that will be (male , female) to select from a drop-down list or a Radio Button control; the position held (electrician, mechanic, welder, general services, administrative) which is selected from a drop-down list; the days worked and the registration date which is generated by the system. It is expected that when selecting the position from the drop-down list, the value of the daily salary will be displayed in another text box according to the following values: general services $ 40,000, administrative $ 50,000, electrician $ 60,000, mechanic $ 65,000, welder $ 70,000. This is achieved through event handling (ask about it). The text box that will show the value of the daily salary will be disabled so that the user cannot enter data into it. In other words, the text box in its Enabled property is set to the False option.

## Functional requirements:

It is required to define a class apart from the data entry form, this class will be identified with the name Payroll that will be of public scope that will contain the attributes and / or Properties to store the complete record of the worker that was entered by the form of data entry.
Inside the Payroll class, a method will be defined to calculate the salary accrued to pay the worker, this will receive as a parameter the days worked and the value of the daily salary depending on the position of the worker.
The data entry form, as shown in image 1, will have three buttons (Save, Calculate / Show and Exit). When you click on the Save record button, the data that you entered through the form in the class called Payroll is saved. When you click on the Calculate payroll button and show report, another form called Report is shown, the report of all the information from the worker's record including the calculation of the accrued value (This information to be displayed must be taken from the Payroll class and not from the data entry form), image 2 shows the report form. While in the report form, you only have the option to Return to the inquiry form, clear the text boxes to enter a new worker. Finally, when clicking on the Exit button, the user will be asked to confirm if they really want to exit the application, if so, they exit the application, otherwise they leave it in the data entry form.